README.md, before:

#   Bernethia's Beetles Fanpage

##  Page Description
-   This is a page for fans of my beetles. The landing page has a short section introducing the page, a "Meet My Beetles!" section featuring images and bios of my beetles, and an invitation to subscribe to a weekly newsletter along with a link to a signup form. The signup form validates user input and returns error messages or a welcome message customized with values from the form.

##  Required Features
-   CSS feature: 
    -   "A navigation menu that expands and collapses properly at desktop and mobile sizes." At mobile size, navigation menu is displayed vertically. At tablet size, navigation is a combo--a logo(links to main page) horizontally displayed next to vertically displayed navigation links. At desktop size, logo and links are all horizontally displayed.

-   JavaScript features:
    -   "Show/hide one or more content areas or elements on your site through clicking a button or some other user interaction." On main page, clicking on a small img shows a related modal with img & text. Clicking the "X" icon on the modal will hide the modal.
 
    -    "Create a form (such as a ‘Contact Us’ form), validate at least one field (ex: email is in the correct format) and then use that information on your page somehow." When signup form data is "submitted", the "name", "email", "birthday", and "favorite beetle" fields are validated and, if in the correct format, the values are displayed in a welcome message to the user.

    -   "Create and populate a JavaScript array with one or more values and display the contents of some or all of the array on your page" and "Create a Javascript loop that dynamically displays HTML on your page" If values from the signup form are in the incorrect format or left blank, the array stored in formErrorMessages is populated with corresponding error messages. These messages are then displayed on the page using a for-loop.

##  Notes for Reviewer
-   The "Caresheets" and "Contests" links in main navigation are placeholders and do not lead anywhere.

Commit message:

added & styled beetlecare & contests pages, fixed formatdate function

README.md, after:

#   Bernethia's Beetles Fanpage

##  Project Description
-   This is a website for fans of my beetles. The home page has a short section introducing the page, a "Meet My Beetles!" section featuring images and bios of my beetles, and an invitation to subscribe to a weekly newsletter along with a link to a signup form. The Subscribe page has a signup form that validates user input and returns error messages or a welcome message customized with values from the form. The Contests and Beetle Care pages both contain simple text, one image, and a link to the signup form.

##  Required Features
-   CSS feature: 
    -   "A navigation menu that expands and collapses properly at desktop and mobile sizes." At mobile size, navigation menu is displayed vertically. At tablet size, navigation is a combo--a logo(links to main page) horizontally displayed next to vertically displayed navigation links. At desktop size, logo and links are all horizontally displayed.

-   JavaScript features:
    -   "Show/hide one or more content areas or elements on your site through clicking a button or some other user interaction." On main page, clicking on a small img shows a related modal with img & text. Clicking the "X" icon on the modal will hide the modal.
 
    -    "Create a form (such as a ‘Contact Us’ form), validate at least one field (ex: email is in the correct format) and then use that information on your page somehow." When signup form data is "submitted", the "name", "email", "birthday", and "favorite beetle" fields are validated and, if in the correct format, the values are displayed in a welcome message to the user. 

    -   "Create and populate a JavaScript array with one or more values and display the contents of some or all of the array on your page" and "Create a Javascript loop that dynamically displays HTML on your page" If values from the signup form are in the incorrect format or left blank, the array stored in formErrorMessages is populated with corresponding error messages. These messages are then displayed on the page using a for-loop.
